README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<!-- title -->

<!--lint ignore no-dead-urls-->

# Awesome Firebase Genkit <!-- omit from toc -->

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re) [![lint](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml) [![Track Awesome List](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/badge.svg)](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/) 

<!-- [![lint](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml) -->

<!-- subtitle -->

A collection of awesome things regarding the Firebase Genkit ecosystem.

<p align="center">
  <a href="CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">Code Of Conduct</a>
  <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribution guide</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/graphs/contributors">Contributors</a>
</p>

<!-- image -->
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="/assets/Product_Lockup_Genkit_Horizontal_Full_Color.png">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="/assets/Product_Lockup_Genkit_Horizontal_Monochrome.png">
  <img alt="Shows an illustrated sun in light mode and a moon with stars in dark mode." src="/assets/Product_Lockup_Genkit_Horizontal_Full_Color.png">
</picture>

<!-- description -->

Genkit is a framework designed to help you build AI-powered applications and features. It provides open source libraries for Node.js and Go, plus developer tools for testing and debugging.

</div>

<!-- TOC -->

## Contents <!-- omit from toc -->
- [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [JavaScript - Official](#javascript---official)
  - [JavaScript - Community](#javascript---community)
  - [Golang - Official](#golang---official)
  - [Golang - Community](#golang---community)
- [Solutions](#solutions)
- [Talks](#talks)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Follow](#follow)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

<!-- CONTENT -->

## Plugins

### JavaScript - Official

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`@genkit-ai/vertexai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/vertex-ai) - The Vertex AI plugin provides interfaces to several AI services: Google generative AI models, A subset of evaluation metrics through the Vertex AI Rapid Evaluation API, Vector Search.
   - [`@genkit-ai/googleai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/google-genai) - The Google Generative AI plugin provides interfaces to Google's Gemini models through the Gemini API.
   - [`genkitx-ollama`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/ollama) - The Ollama plugin provides interfaces to any of the local LLMs supported by Ollama.
2. Vector Store Plugins
   - [`genkitx-pinecone`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/pinecone) - Plugin for Pinecone Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-chromadb`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/chroma) - Plugin for Chroma Vector Stores.
   - [`@genkit-ai/dev-local-vectorstore`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/rag) - Plugin for Local Vector Store for development purposes.
3. Monitoring Plugins
   - [`@genkit-ai/google-cloud`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@genkit-ai/google-cloud) - The Google Cloud plugin exports Firebase Genkit's telemetry and logging data to Google Cloud's operation suite.
4. Other Plugins
   - [`@genkit-ai/firebase`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/firebase) - Firebase plugin provides several integrations with Firebase services: Indexers and retrievers using Cloud Firestore vector store, Trace storage using Cloud Firestore, Flow deployment using Cloud Functions, Authorization policies for Firebase Authentication users.
   - [`@genkit-ai/express`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@genkit-ai/express) - Express plugin provides an Express middleware for Genkit.

### JavaScript - Community

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`genkitx-github`](https://github.com/xavidop/genkitx-github) - Plugin for GitHub Models APIs.
   - [`genkitx-anthropic`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/anthropic) - Plugin for Anthropic AI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-cohere`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/cohere) - Plugin for Cohere APIs.
   - [`genkitx-groq`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/groq) - Plugin for Groq APIs.
   - [`genkitx-mistral`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/mistral) - Plugin for Mistral AI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-openai`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/openai) - Plugin for OpenAI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-azure-openai`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/azure-openai) - Plugin for Azure OpenAI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-aws-bedrock`](https://github.com/xavidop/genkitx-aws-bedrock) - Plugin for AWS Bedrock APIs.
   - [`genkitx-deepseek`](https://github.com/oddbit/genkitx-deepseek) - Plugin for Deepseek Cloud APIs.
2. Vector Store Plugins
   - [`genkitx-convex`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/convex) - Plugin for Convex Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-hnsw`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/hnsw) - Plugin for HNSW Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-qdrant`](https://github.com/qdrant/qdrant-genkit) - Plugin for Qdrant Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-astra-db`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/genkitx-astra-db) - Plugin for AstraDB Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-pgvector`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/genkitx-pgvector) - Plugin for PostgeSQL (PGVector) Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-tidb`](https://github.com/BelfoSamad/genkitx-tidb) - Plugin for TiDB Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-redis`](https://github.com/retzd-tech/genkitx-redis) - Plugin for Redis Vector Stores.
3. Evaluator Plugins
   - [`genkitx-promptfoo`](https://github.com/yukinagae/genkitx-promptfoo) - Plugin for Promptfoo Evaluations.
4. Other Plugins
   - [`genkitx-graph`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/graph) - Plugin for building Graph workflows.
   - [`@invertase/genkit-plugin-redis`](https://github.com/invertase/genkit-plugin-redis) - A Redis Plugin for GenKit that adds Redis for efficient state storage, trace storage, caching, and rate limiting.
   - [`genkitx-rxjs`](https://github.com/pavelgj/genkitx-rxjs) - A simple RxJS helper/adapter for Firebase Genkit.
   - [`@agentic/genkit`](https://agentic.so/sdks/genkit) - Agentic Tools adapter for the Firebase Genkit SDK.

### Golang - Official

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`vertexai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/vertex-ai) - The Vertex AI plugin provides interfaces to several AI services: Google generative AI models and Vector Search.
   - [`googleai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/google-genai) - The Google Generative AI plugin provides interfaces to Google's Gemini models through the Gemini API.
   - [`ollama`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/ollama) - The Ollama plugin provides interfaces to any of the local LLMs supported by Ollama.
2. Vector Store Plugins
   - [`pinecone`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/pinecone) - Plugin for Pinecone Vector Stores.
   - [`localvec`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/rag) - Plugin for Local Vector Store for development purposes.
3. Monitoring Plugins
   - [`googlecloud`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/google-cloud) - The Google Cloud plugin exports Firebase Genkit's telemetry and logging data to Google Cloud's operation suite.

### Golang - Community

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`openai`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/yukinagae/genkit-go-plugins/plugins/openai) - Plugin for OpenAI APIs.

## Solutions

- [`internal AI`](https://github.com/tanabee/internal-ai) - An open-source Genkit-based internal AI chat application.

## Talks

- [Supercharge your app with Firebase Genkit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVud8llb_W0) - A talk on how to supercharge your app with Firebase Genkit.
- [Accelerating Generative AI App Development with Flutter & Firebase Genkit](https://speakerdeck.com/coborinai/accelerating-generative-ai-app-development-with-flutter-and-firebase-genkit) - Slides from a presentation at FlutterGakkai, a Flutter conference in Japan, showcasing how to integrate Firebase Genkit with Flutter for rapid generative AI app development.

## Videos

- [Getting started with Genkit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8rfDySBBvM) - A video tutorial on how to get started with Genkit.
- [What are Genkit flows? - YouTube](https://youtu.be/ONR38NZK5FE) - Flows are a key concept in Genkit. Learn what makes them special, and how to use them.
- [Build an Angular app with Genkit and deploy to Firebase](https://youtu.be/TGHua_RtUjs) - Join Pavel as he builds an Angular app and deploys it to Firebase.
- [DeepDive #1 - Genkit's reflection API and how it powers Genkit's developer UI](https://youtu.be/CGVBR8quZac) - Learn how the Genkit developer UI communicates with Genkit through the reflection API.
- [Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with Genkit](https://youtu.be/p8ZlYAmbWHE) - Learn how to efficiently parse PDFs, convert their content into searchable vectors using Genkit's local vector store, and implement a re-ranker to pinpoint the most relevant documents for your queries.
- [Firebase After Hours #3 - Genkit: More than Meets the AI!](https://youtu.be/VFPsp7aURWA?t=152s) - Hang out with Nohe and Peter to learn more about Firebase Genkit, Google's open source AI integration framework. With special guest Pavel Jbanov, lead engineer on the Genkit team.
- [Firebase After Hours #4 - Genkit: Tooltime](https://youtu.be/01XOIhh2ibA) - Learn how to give LLMs superpowers by conneting the to the real world using tool calling.
- [Getting started with Genkit/JS 1.0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p1P5grjXIQ) - Learn how to get started with Genkit/JS 1.0.

## Articles

- [Build Firebase Genkit Node.js apps with Dash Agents](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/build-firebase-genkit-nodejs-apps-with-dash-agents-skip-the-docs-258e067b3fdc) - A step-by-step guide to building Genkit Node.js apps by leveraging Dash Agents.
- [Firebase GenKit with Gemma using Ollama](https://xavidop.me/firebase/gcp/2024-05-24-firebase-genkit-ollama/) - Firebase project that uses the Gen AI Kit with Gemma using Ollama.
- [Master Gemma2 and Genkit](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/how-to-develop-using-the-gemma2-model-in-genkit-085f22ce68f3) - Learn how to integrate Gemma2 with Genkit.
- [Unleash the Power of Function Calling with Genkit](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/implementing-function-calling-using-genkit-0c03f6cb9179) - Learn how to implement function calling using Genkit.
- [Unlocking the power of code execution in Genkit](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/getting-started-with-code-execution-in-genkit-c5391b45b321) - Learn how to integrate Python code within Genkit.
- [Understanding Genkit flows with Czech language tricks](https://dev.to/denisvalasek/understanding-genkit-flows-with-czech-language-tricks-26i3) - Learn how to work with Genkit flows and use the features of Genkit UI.
- [Orchestrating Firebase and AI: 8 Genkit Architecture Patterns](https://medium.com/@nozomi-koborinai/orchestrating-firebase-and-ai-8-genkit-architecture-patterns-12e44db40345) - A guide to 8 architecture patterns for integrating Firebase and AI using Genkit.
- [High-Precision Responses with Genkits Google Search Integration](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/high-precision-responses-with-genkits-google-search-integration-7f142f5c9693) - Learn how to integrate Google Search with Genkit.
- [How to Develop Firebase Genkit Functions](https://medium.com/@nozomi-koborinai/how-to-develop-firebase-genkit-functions-2677b386a227) - A practical guide to efficient local testing of Genkit Functions with Firebase product integrations.
- [Firebase Genkit for Go Developers: A Guide to Building LLM Applications](https://medium.com/@yukinagae/firebase-genkit-for-go-developers-a-guide-to-building-llm-applications-f96c51c34b10) - A getting started guide for Go developers using Genkit.
- [Orchestrating Firebase and AI: Genkit architecture example](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10F2hjzJhdInSuhDQ8G_B2raGz79mzTRIcWU_59Zh5Y8/edit?usp=sharing) - Presented in a lightning talk at GDG DevFest Tokyo 2024.
- [Getting Started with AI Image Generation Apps on Flutter, Genkit, and Imagen 3](https://medium.com/@nozomi-koborinai/getting-started-with-ai-image-generation-apps-on-flutter-genkit-and-imagen-3-9a83c63cbdf3) - A guide to building an AI image generation app using Flutter, Firebase Genkit, and Google's Imagen 3.

## Tutorials

- [Slack Bot App](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/build-a-slack-bot-app-with-firebase-genkit-in-just-100-lines-71d4e49c9e08) - A tutorial on how to build a Slack Bot App with Firebase Genkit.

<!-- END CONTENT -->

## Follow

<!-- list people worth following on social sites (Twitter, LinkedIn, GitHub, YouTube etc.) -->

- [Firebase](https://x.com/firebase) - Official Twitter account for Firebase.
- [Genkit Discord server](https://discord.gg/qXt5zzQKpc) - Official Discord server for Genkit.
- [Genkit GitHub](https://github.com/firebase/genkit) - Official GitHub repository for Genkit.
- [The Fire Company](https://github.com/TheFireCo) - The Fire Company GitHub organization.

## Contributors

[Thanks goes to these contributors](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/graphs/contributors)!

Commit message:

feat: order videos and mark outdated ones (#29)

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<!-- title -->

<!--lint ignore no-dead-urls-->

# Awesome Firebase Genkit <!-- omit from toc -->

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re) [![lint](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml) [![Track Awesome List](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/badge.svg)](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/) 

<!-- [![lint](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/actions/workflows/lint.yaml) -->

<!-- subtitle -->

A collection of awesome things regarding the Firebase Genkit ecosystem.

<p align="center">
  <a href="CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">Code Of Conduct</a>
  <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">Contribution guide</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/graphs/contributors">Contributors</a>
</p>

<!-- image -->
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="/assets/Product_Lockup_Genkit_Horizontal_Full_Color.png">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="/assets/Product_Lockup_Genkit_Horizontal_Monochrome.png">
  <img alt="Shows an illustrated sun in light mode and a moon with stars in dark mode." src="/assets/Product_Lockup_Genkit_Horizontal_Full_Color.png">
</picture>

<!-- description -->

Genkit is a framework designed to help you build AI-powered applications and features. It provides open source libraries for Node.js and Go, plus developer tools for testing and debugging.

</div>

<!-- TOC -->

## Contents <!-- omit from toc -->
- [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [JavaScript - Official](#javascript---official)
  - [JavaScript - Community](#javascript---community)
  - [Golang - Official](#golang---official)
  - [Golang - Community](#golang---community)
- [Solutions](#solutions)
- [Talks](#talks)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Follow](#follow)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

<!-- CONTENT -->

## Plugins

### JavaScript - Official

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`@genkit-ai/vertexai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/vertex-ai) - The Vertex AI plugin provides interfaces to several AI services: Google generative AI models, A subset of evaluation metrics through the Vertex AI Rapid Evaluation API, Vector Search.
   - [`@genkit-ai/googleai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/google-genai) - The Google Generative AI plugin provides interfaces to Google's Gemini models through the Gemini API.
   - [`genkitx-ollama`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/ollama) - The Ollama plugin provides interfaces to any of the local LLMs supported by Ollama.
2. Vector Store Plugins
   - [`genkitx-pinecone`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/pinecone) - Plugin for Pinecone Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-chromadb`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/chroma) - Plugin for Chroma Vector Stores.
   - [`@genkit-ai/dev-local-vectorstore`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/rag) - Plugin for Local Vector Store for development purposes.
3. Monitoring Plugins
   - [`@genkit-ai/google-cloud`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@genkit-ai/google-cloud) - The Google Cloud plugin exports Firebase Genkit's telemetry and logging data to Google Cloud's operation suite.
4. Other Plugins
   - [`@genkit-ai/firebase`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit/plugins/firebase) - Firebase plugin provides several integrations with Firebase services: Indexers and retrievers using Cloud Firestore vector store, Trace storage using Cloud Firestore, Flow deployment using Cloud Functions, Authorization policies for Firebase Authentication users.
   - [`@genkit-ai/express`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@genkit-ai/express) - Express plugin provides an Express middleware for Genkit.

### JavaScript - Community

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`genkitx-github`](https://github.com/xavidop/genkitx-github) - Plugin for GitHub Models APIs.
   - [`genkitx-anthropic`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/anthropic) - Plugin for Anthropic AI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-cohere`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/cohere) - Plugin for Cohere APIs.
   - [`genkitx-groq`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/groq) - Plugin for Groq APIs.
   - [`genkitx-mistral`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/mistral) - Plugin for Mistral AI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-openai`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/openai) - Plugin for OpenAI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-azure-openai`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/azure-openai) - Plugin for Azure OpenAI APIs.
   - [`genkitx-aws-bedrock`](https://github.com/xavidop/genkitx-aws-bedrock) - Plugin for AWS Bedrock APIs.
   - [`genkitx-deepseek`](https://github.com/oddbit/genkitx-deepseek) - Plugin for Deepseek Cloud APIs.
2. Vector Store Plugins
   - [`genkitx-convex`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/convex) - Plugin for Convex Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-hnsw`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/hnsw) - Plugin for HNSW Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-qdrant`](https://github.com/qdrant/qdrant-genkit) - Plugin for Qdrant Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-astra-db`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/genkitx-astra-db) - Plugin for AstraDB Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-pgvector`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/genkitx-pgvector) - Plugin for PostgeSQL (PGVector) Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-tidb`](https://github.com/BelfoSamad/genkitx-tidb) - Plugin for TiDB Vector Stores.
   - [`genkitx-redis`](https://github.com/retzd-tech/genkitx-redis) - Plugin for Redis Vector Stores.
3. Evaluator Plugins
   - [`genkitx-promptfoo`](https://github.com/yukinagae/genkitx-promptfoo) - Plugin for Promptfoo Evaluations.
4. Other Plugins
   - [`genkitx-graph`](https://github.com/TheFireCo/genkit-plugins/tree/main/plugins/graph) - Plugin for building Graph workflows.
   - [`@invertase/genkit-plugin-redis`](https://github.com/invertase/genkit-plugin-redis) - A Redis Plugin for GenKit that adds Redis for efficient state storage, trace storage, caching, and rate limiting.
   - [`genkitx-rxjs`](https://github.com/pavelgj/genkitx-rxjs) - A simple RxJS helper/adapter for Firebase Genkit.
   - [`@agentic/genkit`](https://agentic.so/sdks/genkit) - Agentic Tools adapter for the Firebase Genkit SDK.

### Golang - Official

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`vertexai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/vertex-ai) - The Vertex AI plugin provides interfaces to several AI services: Google generative AI models and Vector Search.
   - [`googleai`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/google-genai) - The Google Generative AI plugin provides interfaces to Google's Gemini models through the Gemini API.
   - [`ollama`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/ollama) - The Ollama plugin provides interfaces to any of the local LLMs supported by Ollama.
2. Vector Store Plugins
   - [`pinecone`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/pinecone) - Plugin for Pinecone Vector Stores.
   - [`localvec`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/rag) - Plugin for Local Vector Store for development purposes.
3. Monitoring Plugins
   - [`googlecloud`](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit-go/plugins/google-cloud) - The Google Cloud plugin exports Firebase Genkit's telemetry and logging data to Google Cloud's operation suite.

### Golang - Community

1. Model / Embedding Plugins
   - [`openai`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/yukinagae/genkit-go-plugins/plugins/openai) - Plugin for OpenAI APIs.

## Solutions

- [`internal AI`](https://github.com/tanabee/internal-ai) - An open-source Genkit-based internal AI chat application.

## Talks

- [Supercharge your app with Firebase Genkit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVud8llb_W0) - A talk on how to supercharge your app with Firebase Genkit.
- [Accelerating Generative AI App Development with Flutter & Firebase Genkit](https://speakerdeck.com/coborinai/accelerating-generative-ai-app-development-with-flutter-and-firebase-genkit) - Slides from a presentation at FlutterGakkai, a Flutter conference in Japan, showcasing how to integrate Firebase Genkit with Flutter for rapid generative AI app development.

## Videos
- [Getting started with Genkit/JS 1.0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p1P5grjXIQ) - Learn how to get started with Genkit/JS 1.0.
- [Getting started with Genkit (outdated)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8rfDySBBvM) - A video tutorial on how to get started with Genkit.
- [What are Genkit flows? (outdated)](https://youtu.be/ONR38NZK5FE) - Flows are a key concept in Genkit. Learn what makes them special, and how to use them.
- [Build an Angular app with Genkit and deploy to Firebase (outdated)](https://youtu.be/TGHua_RtUjs) - Join Pavel as he builds an Angular app and deploys it to Firebase.
- [DeepDive #1 - Genkit's reflection API and how it powers Genkit's developer UI (outdated)](https://youtu.be/CGVBR8quZac) - Learn how the Genkit developer UI communicates with Genkit through the reflection API.
- [Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) with Genkit (outdated)](https://youtu.be/p8ZlYAmbWHE) - Learn how to efficiently parse PDFs, convert their content into searchable vectors using Genkit's local vector store, and implement a re-ranker to pinpoint the most relevant documents for your queries.
- [Firebase After Hours #3 - Genkit: More than Meets the AI! (outdated)](https://youtu.be/VFPsp7aURWA?t=152s) - Hang out with Nohe and Peter to learn more about Firebase Genkit, Google's open source AI integration framework. With special guest Pavel Jbanov, lead engineer on the Genkit team.
- [Firebase After Hours #4 - Genkit: Tooltime (outdated)](https://youtu.be/01XOIhh2ibA) - Learn how to give LLMs superpowers by conneting the to the real world using tool calling.

## Articles

- [Build Firebase Genkit Node.js apps with Dash Agents](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/build-firebase-genkit-nodejs-apps-with-dash-agents-skip-the-docs-258e067b3fdc) - A step-by-step guide to building Genkit Node.js apps by leveraging Dash Agents.
- [Firebase GenKit with Gemma using Ollama](https://xavidop.me/firebase/gcp/2024-05-24-firebase-genkit-ollama/) - Firebase project that uses the Gen AI Kit with Gemma using Ollama.
- [Master Gemma2 and Genkit](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/how-to-develop-using-the-gemma2-model-in-genkit-085f22ce68f3) - Learn how to integrate Gemma2 with Genkit.
- [Unleash the Power of Function Calling with Genkit](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/implementing-function-calling-using-genkit-0c03f6cb9179) - Learn how to implement function calling using Genkit.
- [Unlocking the power of code execution in Genkit](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/getting-started-with-code-execution-in-genkit-c5391b45b321) - Learn how to integrate Python code within Genkit.
- [Understanding Genkit flows with Czech language tricks](https://dev.to/denisvalasek/understanding-genkit-flows-with-czech-language-tricks-26i3) - Learn how to work with Genkit flows and use the features of Genkit UI.
- [Orchestrating Firebase and AI: 8 Genkit Architecture Patterns](https://medium.com/@nozomi-koborinai/orchestrating-firebase-and-ai-8-genkit-architecture-patterns-12e44db40345) - A guide to 8 architecture patterns for integrating Firebase and AI using Genkit.
- [High-Precision Responses with Genkits Google Search Integration](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/high-precision-responses-with-genkits-google-search-integration-7f142f5c9693) - Learn how to integrate Google Search with Genkit.
- [How to Develop Firebase Genkit Functions](https://medium.com/@nozomi-koborinai/how-to-develop-firebase-genkit-functions-2677b386a227) - A practical guide to efficient local testing of Genkit Functions with Firebase product integrations.
- [Firebase Genkit for Go Developers: A Guide to Building LLM Applications](https://medium.com/@yukinagae/firebase-genkit-for-go-developers-a-guide-to-building-llm-applications-f96c51c34b10) - A getting started guide for Go developers using Genkit.
- [Orchestrating Firebase and AI: Genkit architecture example](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10F2hjzJhdInSuhDQ8G_B2raGz79mzTRIcWU_59Zh5Y8/edit?usp=sharing) - Presented in a lightning talk at GDG DevFest Tokyo 2024.
- [Getting Started with AI Image Generation Apps on Flutter, Genkit, and Imagen 3](https://medium.com/@nozomi-koborinai/getting-started-with-ai-image-generation-apps-on-flutter-genkit-and-imagen-3-9a83c63cbdf3) - A guide to building an AI image generation app using Flutter, Firebase Genkit, and Google's Imagen 3.

## Tutorials

- [Slack Bot App](https://medium.com/firebase-developers/build-a-slack-bot-app-with-firebase-genkit-in-just-100-lines-71d4e49c9e08) - A tutorial on how to build a Slack Bot App with Firebase Genkit.

<!-- END CONTENT -->

## Follow

<!-- list people worth following on social sites (Twitter, LinkedIn, GitHub, YouTube etc.) -->

- [Firebase](https://x.com/firebase) - Official Twitter account for Firebase.
- [Genkit Discord server](https://discord.gg/qXt5zzQKpc) - Official Discord server for Genkit.
- [Genkit GitHub](https://github.com/firebase/genkit) - Official GitHub repository for Genkit.
- [The Fire Company](https://github.com/TheFireCo) - The Fire Company GitHub organization.

## Contributors

[Thanks goes to these contributors](https://github.com/xavidop/awesome-firebase-genkit/graphs/contributors)!
